CHECK 1.) Agent tracking needs a timer to handle refreshes, which is started at a random range.

CHECK 2.) Agent tracking also needs to only track targets based on interactable or attackable,
	but maybe we can do this via collision instead of groups.
KEPT BOTH	a.) Remove the attackable and interactable, and create collision groups for these things, player 1, 2 and neutral. 6 groups.
	b.) Then just set up agent_tracking based on this.
	c.) Whenever apply_role is triggered we need to update the agent tracking everywhere.

3.) Detection is attached directly to tactical, since that is all it really needs to talk to.

4.) Weapons also have their agent tracking.

5.) Finally interactables have their agent tracking. Currently interactables actually use a built in sensor Area2D. 
	It might be better to convert this over to our agent tracking, but that will take a bit of work.
	Then we would have interactable N, 1, 2 also.
	But, then regarding things like Trees, Gold, Sheep, do I need these on separate layers?
		- Trees I think no.
		- Gold and sheep are interesting, because maybe we want worksites to be on their own collision layer. Then a tasker is looking for this.
	
6.) I may need to do some restructuring, thinking about group and collision layers. 
	It seems groups are very useful and fast for keeping track of certain things that I am currently keeping track of with lists.
	For example the minions or units attached to a particular castle. 
	Or ordering all units attached to a castle to attack.

7.) We can keep the collision details in the UnitRoles for example.
	When we apply_role the unit can grab its collision layer and mask. 
	What about the weapon, detection, tasker etc? It's useful to have these things in one place,
	so that if update layers again we have one place we can change things.
	So, these collision layers could be loaded and sent over.
	I think we could just use the name of the layer, that way if we change it later it doesn't affect much.
	This should be fine because we only change these mask layers once in a while during state changes.
